Your house is already in danger.
People nearby are worried that their houses will collapse
There will be security issues later
So after the joint appeal
We came to dismantle it after receiving a door-to-door notice.
You commit crimes to force me
It's really any kind of dirty means will be used
What is called the third abuse?
Open your dog eyes and show me clearly
Your house is falling into disrepair
It's already dangerous
People should report you
Even if you dismantle it, you may not be afraid
But I heard that
This is where you grew up
If razed to the ground
When your adoptive mother, that old thing, gets out of the hospital
I found my home gone
How interesting that would be
Why as long as you come home with me obediently
Admit your mistake to dad
Then go to Huacan Group to explain clearly
The house can be left for you.
Otherwise, this time I will definitely let you live on the streets